    As Ichabod approached this fearful tree, he began towhistle; he thought his whistle was answered; it was but a blastsweeping sharply through the dry branches.  As he approached alittle nearer, he thought he saw something white, hanging in themidst of the tree:  he paused and ceased whistling but, onlooking more narrowly, perceived that it was a place where thetree had been scathed by lightning, and the white wood laid bare.Suddenly he heard a groan--his teeth chattered, and his kneessmote against the saddle:  it was but the rubbing of one hugebough upon another, as they were swayed about by the breeze.  Hepassed the tree in safety, but new perils lay before him.    About two hundred yards from the tree, a small brook crossedthe road, and ran into a marshy and thickly-wooded glen, known bythe name of Wiley's Swamp.  A few rough logs, laid side by side,served for a bridge over this stream.  On that side of the roadwhere the brook entered the wood, a group of oaks and chestnuts,matted thick with wild grape-vines, threw a cavernous gloom overit.  To pass this bridge was the severest trial.  It was at thisidentical spot that the unfortunate Andre was captured, and underthe covert of those chestnuts and vines were the sturdy yeomenconcealed who surprised him.  This has ever since been considereda haunted stream, and fearful are the feelings of the schoolboywho has to pass it alone after dark.    As he approached the stream, his heart began to thump; hesummoned up, however, all his resolution, gave his horse half ascore of kicks in the ribs, and attempted to dash briskly acrossthe bridge; but instead of starting forward, the perverse oldanimal made a lateral movement, and ran broadside against thefence.  Ichabod, whose fears increased with the delay, jerked thereins on the other side, and kicked lustily with the contraryfoot:  it was all in vain; his steed started, it is true, but itwas only to plunge to the opposite side of the road into athicket of brambles and alder bushes.  The schoolmaster nowbestowed both whip and heel upon the starveling ribs of oldGunpowder, who dashed forward, snuffling and snorting, but cameto a stand just by the bridge, with a suddenness that had nearlysent his rider sprawling over his head.  Just at this moment aplashy tramp by the side of the bridge caught the sensitive earof Ichabod.  In the dark shadow of the grove, on the margin of thebrook, he beheld something huge, misshapen and towering.  Itstirred not, but seemed gathered up in the gloom, like somegigantic monster ready to spring upon the traveller.